Remove "simple" part 1: change to "basic" (#36760)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/@layer/index.md

This is useful because the initial order in which layers are declared indicates which layer has precedence. As with declarations, the last layer to be listed will win if declarations are found in multiple layers. Therefore, with the preceding example, if a competing rule was found in `theme` and `utilities`, the one in `utilities` would win and be applied.

> A rule in `utilities` would be applied _even if it has lower specificity_ than the rule in `theme`. This is because once the layer order has been established, specificity and order of appearance are ignored. This enables using less complex CSS selectors because you do not have to ensure that a selector will have high enough specificity to override competing rules; all you need to ensure is that it appears in a later layer.

Reviewer: FWIW I think "simpler", comparatively, is usually OK:
- it's "simpler", not simple
- it actually conveys something, while "simple" usually conveys nothing.

> A rule in `utilities` would be applied _even if it has lower specificity_ than the rule in `theme`. This is because once the layer order has been established, specificity and order of appearance are ignored. This enables using less complex CSS selectors because you do not have to ensure that a selector will have high enough specificity to override competing rules; all you need to ensure is that it appears in a later layer.

Author: ```suggestion
A rule in `utilities` would be applied _even if it has lower specificity_ than the rule in `theme`. This is because once the layer order has been established, specificity and order of appearance are ignored. This enables using simpler CSS selectors because you do not have to ensure that a selector will have high enough specificity to override competing rules; all you need to ensure is that it appears in a later layer.
```
